1. Write a program to search an element from a list. Give user the option to perform
Linear or Binary search. Use Template functions.

2. Write a program using templates to sort a list of elements. Give user the option to
perform sorting using Insertion sort, Bubble sort or Selection sort.

3. Implement Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion, deletion and
search of a number, reverse the list and concatenate two linked lists (include a
function and also overload operator +).

4. Implement Doubly Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion,
deletion and search of a number, reverse the list.

5. Implement Circular Linked List using templates. Include functions for insertion,
deletion and search of a number, reverse the list.

6. Perform Stack operations using Linked List implementation.

7. Perform Stack operations using Array implementation. Use Templates.

8. Perform Queues operations using Circular Array implementation. Use Templates.

9. Create and perform different operations on Doubleended
Queues using
Linked List implementation.

10. Write a program to scan a polynomial using linked list and add two polynomial.

11. Write a program to calculate factorial and to compute the factors of a given no.
(i) using recursion, (ii) using iteration

12. Write a program to display Fibonacci series (i) using recursion, (ii) using iteration

13. Write a program to calculate GCD of 2 number (i) with recursion (ii) without recursion

14. Write a program to create a Binary Search Tree and include following operations in
tree:
(a) Insertion (Recursive and Iterative Implementation)
(b) Deletion by copying
(c) Deletion by Merging
(d) Search a no. in BST
(e) Display its preorder, postorder and inorder traversals Recursively
(f) Display its preorder, postorder and inorder traversals Iteratively
(g) Display its levelbylevel
traversals
(h) Count the nonleaf
nodes and leaf nodes
(i) Display height of tree
(j) Create a mirror image of tree
(k) Check whether two BSTs are equal or not

15. Write a program to convert the Sparse Matrix into nonzero
form and viceversa.

16. Write a program to reverse the order of the elements in the stack using additional stack.

17. Write a program to reverse the order of the elements in the stack using additional
Queue.

18. Write a program to implement Diagonal Matrix using onedimensional
array.

19. Write a program to implement Lower Triangular Matrix using onedimensional
array.

20. Write a program to implement Upper Triangular Matrix using onedimensional
array.

21. Write a program to implement Symmetric Matrix using onedimensional
array.

22. Write a program to create a Threaded Binary Tree as per inorder traversal, and
implement operations like finding the successor / predecessor of an element, insert an
element, inorder traversal.